###############################################################################
# CONTRIBUTING                                                                #
#  - How to help with the development of HLmaps                               #
#  - Copyright Scott McCrory and Brian Porter as part of the HLmaps           #
#    distribution                                                             #
#  - Distributed under the GNU Public License - see docs for more info        #
#  - http://hlmaps.sourceforge.net                                            #
#                                                                             #
###############################################################################
# 
###############################################################################

IMAGE CONTRIBUTIONS
-------------------
    Probably the one thing that will help the most is map images. The 
development team will never have time to keep up with all the new maps for 
all the Half-Life mods out there and so we really could use your help. Please 
note that hlmon.pl, hlds_ld.cgi and csserverstats script users will also 
benefit from your contributions, so you're killing four birds with one stone!
    To contribute map images, just take a good screen shot (F5 key for most
people) at one of the most prominent (usually outdoor) place in the map.  Then,
look in your half-life directory for a .BMP file and if necessary brighten it
and increase the contrast, then change the image size to 212x160 and finally
sharpen the image a bit. Save it to "mapname.jpg" and send it to me via email
at smccrory@users.sourceforge.net (please zip up a batch if you have more than
a few). Also, please make the image quality as good as can be reasonably
expected to make it easy for visitors to identify a map by sight without going
blind. If you don't want the hassle of tidying up the images but are still
willing to grab map shots, then just let us know and we'll split up the job.

CODE CONTRIBUTIONS
------------------
    If you just want to make suggestions about future versions of HLmaps, then
please use the surveys at the project home page (see above). On the other
hand, we're always appreciative of coding help. Take a look through the code 
and talk to us about your intentions and if there's a fit, you can be added to 
the developer list and you'll be able to use the CVS tree and other project 
tools!

STYLE CONTRIBUTIONS
-------------------
    If you come up with a some good templates for the PHP release of HLmaps, or
an inventive implementation of them, please email Brian. It would always be 
nice to package more styles with HLmaps. In particular, styles that match other
Half-Life related web programs (like the CSserverStat and HLStats styles 
included) would be appreciated.

--
Scott and the HLmaps development team.

